Updating SKE page (#2969)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/subject-knowledge-enhancement.md

description: |-
  Find out more about subject knowledge enhancement (SKE) courses which will help you brush up the subject you want to teach.
promo_content:
    - content/train-to-be-a-teacher/promos/find-your-ske-course
    - content/train-to-be-a-teacher/promos/adviser-promo-ske
inset_text:
  international-content:
    text: If you’re a non-UK citizen, you’ll only be eligible for a SKE bursary if you’re training to teach physics or modern foreign languages.
youtube_video:
  ske-course-video:
    id: mWuHMtyFrFU
    title: Subject knowledge enhancement explained
keywords:
  - Subject knowledge
  - Subject knowledge enhancement
  - SKE
  - enhance
---

You may be able to do a subject knowledge enhancement (SKE) course before you start your teacher training to top up your subject knowledge.

> This can help when you have:

Reviewer: do we have to say `(one of the following)` here @EllieNodder ?

* finished your degree more than 5 years ago
* a different but related degree to the subject you want to teach
* an A level but not a degree in the subject you want to teach
* an unrelated degree but relevant professional experience
* studied for a languages degree, but need to develop a second language to an acceptable level for teaching in schools

## How to do an SKE course

When you apply for teacher training in England, talk to your training provider if you think you need to improve your subject knowledge. They’ll help you decide if you need to complete an SKE course, and may make it a condition of their offer to train with them.

You’ll choose your SKE course provider, but your teacher training provider can help you decide on the right one for you.

### SKE subjects

SKE courses are currently available in 9 secondary subjects:

* biology
* chemistry
* computing
* design and technology
* English
* languages
* mathematics
* physics
* religious education

You can also do one in primary mathematics.

> $ske-course-video$

Reviewer: @EllieNodder The video feels _slightly_ weird here (and the primary maths sentence feels a bit lost as a result) - does it need some kind of intro line before the video (that might not be good practice though!)?

Reviewer 2: I agree, I think the video needs an intro line.

> ## How does an SKE course work?

Reviewer: We have some headings that are questions and some which aren't - should we make them consistent @EllieNodder (either one way or the other - whichever makes more sense!)

> They're usually online, but some can be classroom based and some can be a mixture of both. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They're usually online, but some can be classroom-based and some can be a mixture of both. 
```
does this need a hyphen @EllieNodder ?

Author: I don't _think_ so? I would say that it's only hyphenated if followed by a noun - for example 'classroom-based course'. Paging @philspray for a grammar and punctuation opinion?

Reviewer 2: I would agree @EllieNodder, but I wonder if we need to say 'some courses can be classroom based'?

> They're usually online, but some can be classroom based and some can be a mixture of both. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SKE courses are usually online, but some can be classroom based and some can be a mixture of both. 
```

Author: I just changed this here because I felt like I was saying 'SKE courses' too many times (also not very SEO friendly to have the same phrase repeated so much)

You can also do a part-time SKE course and complete it over a longer period, or sometimes shorter. Your SKE provider will be able to discuss your options with you.

## When should you complete your course?

You should complete your SKE course before starting your teacher training. If you run out of time, your provider may allow you to continue your SKE course at the same time as your teacher training.

## Get a SKE bursary

If you train to teach in the 2022/23 academic year, you could be eligible for a bursary of £175 per week to complete your SKE course. If you do a part-time SKE course and complete less than 25 hours a week, this will be paid in proportion to your course hours. How and when your bursary is paid will vary by your training provider.

You can use your SKE bursary for any extra costs you may have during your SKE course, for example, making up for any lost income.

### Eligibility for a SKE bursary

You’ll need (one of the following):

* a bachelor’s degree class 2:2 or above 
* a master’s degree
* a PhD

You'll need to complete your SKE course before your teacher training starts to receive your SKE bursary.

> $international-content$

Author: @gazcarr @ethax-ross I've added the inset text for the international content (as per the ticket [#4053](https://trello.com/c/IQqvPIp5/4053-consider-design-solution-to-highlight-differences-for-international-teachers-and-trainees)) but it's coming up as the yellow highlighted indented text. Not sure how to change it to match your design Gary so it's indented but without the yellow background?
